Cache calls to git in `VersionDetailsImpl` (#975)
palantir/gradle-git-version: readme.md

This plugin adds a `printVersion` task, which will echo the project's configured version
to standard-out.

> Cacheing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Caching
```

---

> `VersionDetails` caches calls to git with gradle's [Provider\<ExecOutput\>](https://docs.gradle.org/current/javadoc/org/gradle/process/ExecOutput.html#getResult()). External calls are expensive, and cacheing prevents running the same `git` command more than once in a single build. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`VersionDetails` caches calls to `git` with Gradle's [`Provider<ExecOutput>`](https://docs.gradle.org/current/javadoc/org/gradle/process/ExecOutput.html#getResult()). External calls can be  expensive, especially if called repeatedly across multiple projects. Caching prevents running the same `git` command more than once in a single build. 
```

> If the state of the git repo changes within a single gradle session (e.g. a task in the build does `git commit`), `VersionDetails` might reflect the outdated state of your repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!WARNING]
> If the state of the `git` repository changes within a single Gradle session (e.g. a task in the build does `git commit`), `VersionDetails` might reflect the outdated state of your repo.
```

Author: Nice!

However, changes to the state of your repo between gradle builds i.e. two runs of gradle...
```bash
./gradlew check
git commit -m "new commit"
./gradlew check
```

> ...are not affected by this, as the cache is scoped to individual `VersionDetails` instances. 

Reviewer: Don't think we need this section

Author: It's to reassure people who are not 100% familiar with how cacheing works in gradle. I think it’s helpful to overcommunicate here, just to make sure everyone feels confident that their use case is supported. Should I remove it?

This plugin adds a `printVersion` task, which will echo the project's configured version
to standard-out.

☑️ Configuration cache
---
External process calls to `git` in this plugin are compatible with Gradle's [Configuration Cache](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/configuration_cache.html).

> Since we're using CC compatible APIs, we leverage Gradle's ability to reuse outputs of `git` commands upon successive invocations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since we're using Configuration Cache compatible APIs, we leverage Gradle's ability to reuse outputs of `git` commands upon successive invocations.
```
